readme.md, before:

## progress

- [x] main sence's background
- [ ] rollup all imgs to sprite img
- [ ] add bgm
- [x] add Block
- [x] add Editor
  - [x] add block
  - [x] continously add block
  - [x] delete block
  - [x] clear all blocks
  - [x] import & export data
- [-] level config
- [x] Item / Food
  - [x] optimization: delete default img when init
- [x] Order
  - [x] adaptive width based on cuisine number of order
- [x] when Cooking tool selected, select Order to match cuisine
- [x] Cooking Tool
  - [x] add cooking tool
  - [x] move food to cooking tool
  - [x] select cooking tool
  - [x] finish cooking
  - [x] bug: can be selected when inactive
  - [x] bug: can be clicked to cook without materials
  - [ ] bug: rice + chiken =/=> rubbish, => riceball
- [x] Food Storge
  - [x] show food with count in storage
  - [x] reset order
- [ ] Toast
  - [ ] close button
- [x] next level load
- [x] add Rubbish button
- [x] complete level page
- [x] feat: match holding
- [x] feat: failed page & revive
- [ ] set ad state
- [ ] deploy

Commit message:

fix cuisine img fixed width, cooking tool shadow while cooking

readme.md, after:

## progress

- [x] main sence's background
- [ ] rollup all imgs to sprite img
- [ ] add bgm
- [x] add Block
- [x] add Editor
  - [x] add block
  - [x] continously add block
  - [x] delete block
  - [x] clear all blocks
  - [x] import & export data
- [-] level config
- [x] Item / Food
  - [x] optimization: delete default img when init
- [x] Order
  - [x] adaptive width based on cuisine number of order
  - [x] bug: cuisine img is fixed to width
- [x] when Cooking tool selected, select Order to match cuisine
- [x] Cooking Tool
  - [x] add cooking tool
  - [x] move food to cooking tool
  - [x] select cooking tool
  - [x] finish cooking
  - [x] bug: can be selected when inactive
  - [x] bug: can be clicked to cook without materials
  - [x] bug: drinkmachine img disappear when cooking
  - [ ] bug: rice + chiken =/=> rubbish, => riceball
- [x] Food Storge
  - [x] show food with count in storage
  - [x] reset order
- [ ] Toast
  - [ ] close button
- [x] next level load
- [x] add Rubbish button
- [x] complete level page
- [x] feat: match holding
- [x] feat: failed page & revive
- [ ] set ad state
- [ ] deploy
